Update README.md (#31)
stefan-kaestle/openhab2-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.boschshc/README.md

## Discovery

Not yet implemented. Configuration via configuration files or Paper UI (see below).

## Binding Configuration

> You need to provide at least the IP address and the system password of your Bosch Smart Home Controller. The IP address of the controller is visible in the Bosch Smart Home Mobile App (More -> System -> Smart Home Controller) or in your network router UI.

Reviewer: Do we need to document more, because the setup wasn't clear, see #22 ?

Author: @GerdZanker Totally missed that issue #22, but I'm glad that you got it working for them. Although I didn't fully understand what went wrong for them in the end. Feel free to add any information that could help to that paragraph. 

In my opinion it was not necessary anymore to mention the stuff about the certificates because they are created automatically. So that might just add more confusion than it might help. But adding some more explanation e.g. what "system password" means, could help!

Reviewer: > it was not necessary anymore to mention the stuff about the certificates 
Correct, that's not necessary

Reviewer: I took a look into the [Englisch SHC manual (Page 11)](https://tt-smarthome.resource.bosch.com/NRT/Web/Produkt/Controller/PDF/SHC_manual_EN_04_2019.pdf) and the term "system password" is used here. Therefore I would refer to this registration step.

> You need to provide at least the IP address and the system password of your Bosch Smart Home Controller. The IP address of the controller is visible in the Bosch Smart Home Mobile App (More -> System -> Smart Home Controller) or in your network router UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to provide at the IP address and the system password of your Bosch Smart Home Controller. The IP address of the controller is visible in the Bosch Smart Home Mobile App (More -> System -> Smart Home Controller) or in your network router UI. The "system password" is set by you during your initial registration steps in the “Bosch Smart Home App”. 
```

2020-08-11 12:42:49.502 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=Rollladen id=hdm:HomeMaticIP:3014F711A000XXXXXXXXXXXX
2020-08-11 12:42:49.502 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=Heizung id=hdm:HomeMaticIP:3014F711A000XXXXXXXXXXXX
2020-08-11 12:42:49.503 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=Heizung Haus id=hdm:ICom:819410185:HC1
2020-08-11 12:42:49.503 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=-RoomClimateControl- id=roomClimateControl_hz_6
2020-08-11 12:42:49.504 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=PhilipsHueBridgeManager id=hdm:PhilipsHueBridge:PhilipsHueBridgeManager
2020-08-11 12:42:49.505 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=Rollladen id=hdm:HomeMaticIP:3014F711A000XXXXXXXXXXXX
2020-08-11 12:42:49.506 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=Rollladen id=hdm:HomeMaticIP:3014F711A000XXXXXXXXXXXX
2020-08-11 12:42:49.507 [INFO ] [chshc.internal.BoschSHCBridgeHandler] - Found device: name=Central Heating id=hdm:ICom:819410185
```

## Thing Configuration

> You define your Bosch devices by adding them either to the a `.things` file in your `$OPENHAB_CONF/things` folder like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You define your Bosch devices by adding them either to a `.things` file in your `$OPENHAB_CONF/things` folder like this:
```
